# Go API client for ranchersolutionapi

Simplify enterprise-grade Kubernetes cluster operations and management with Rancher on Bare Metal Cloud.
Deploy Kubernetes clusters using a few API calls.

<span id=\"pnap-api-knowledge-base-link\">
Knowledge base articles to help you can be found
<a href='https://phoenixnap.com/kb/rancher-bmc-integration-kubernetes' target='_blank'>here</a>
</span>

**All URLs are relative to (https://api.phoenixnap.com/solutions/rancher/v1beta)**


## Overview
This API client was generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project.  By using the [OpenAPI-spec](https://www.openapis.org/) from a remote server, you can easily generate an API client.

- API version: 0.1
- Package version: 1.0.0
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.GoClientCodegen
For more information, please visit [https://phoenixnap.com/](https://phoenixnap.com/)

## Installation

Install the following dependencies:

```shell
go get github.com/stretchr/testify/assert
go get golang.org/x/oauth2
go get golang.org/x/net/context
```

Put the package under your project folder and add the following in import:

```golang
import sw "./ranchersolutionapi"
```

To use a proxy, set the environment variable `HTTP_PROXY`:

```golang
os.Setenv("HTTP_PROXY", "http://proxy_name:proxy_port")
```

## Configuration of Server URL

Default configuration comes with `Servers` field that contains server objects as defined in the OpenAPI specification.

### Select Server Configuration

For using other server than the one defined on index 0 set context value `sw.ContextServerIndex` of type `int`.

```golang
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), sw.ContextServerIndex, 1)
```

### Templated Server URL

Templated server URL is formatted using default variables from configuration or from context value `sw.ContextServerVariables` of type `map[string]string`.

```golang
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), sw.ContextServerVariables, map[string]string{
	"basePath": "v2",
})
```

Note, enum values are always validated and all unused variables are silently ignored.

### URLs Configuration per Operation

Each operation can use different server URL defined using `OperationServers` map in the `Configuration`.
An operation is uniquely identifield by `"{classname}Service.{nickname}"` string.
Similar rules for overriding default operation server index and variables applies by using `sw.ContextOperationServerIndices` and `sw.ContextOperationServerVariables` context maps.

```
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), sw.ContextOperationServerIndices, map[string]int{
	"{classname}Service.{nickname}": 2,
})
ctx = context.WithValue(context.Background(), sw.ContextOperationServerVariables, map[string]map[string]string{
	"{classname}Service.{nickname}": {
		"port": "8443",
	},
})
```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *https://api.phoenixnap.com/solutions/rancher/v0*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*ClustersApi* | [**ClustersGet**](docs/ClustersApi.md#clustersget) | **Get** /clusters | Cluster list.
*ClustersApi* | [**ClustersIdDelete**](docs/ClustersApi.md#clustersiddelete) | **Delete** /clusters/{id} | Delete a cluster.
*ClustersApi* | [**ClustersIdGet**](docs/ClustersApi.md#clustersidget) | **Get** /clusters/{id} | Retrieve a Cluster
*ClustersApi* | [**ClustersPost**](docs/ClustersApi.md#clusterspost) | **Post** /clusters | Create a Rancher Server Deployment.


## Documentation For Models

 - [Cluster](docs/Cluster.md)
 - [DeleteResult](docs/DeleteResult.md)
 - [Error](docs/Error.md)
 - [Node](docs/Node.md)
 - [NodePool](docs/NodePool.md)
 - [RancherClusterCertificates](docs/RancherClusterCertificates.md)
 - [RancherClusterConfig](docs/RancherClusterConfig.md)
 - [RancherServerMetadata](docs/RancherServerMetadata.md)
 - [SshConfig](docs/SshConfig.md)


## Documentation For Authorization



### OAuth2


- **Type**: OAuth
- **Flow**: application
- **Authorization URL**: 
- **Scopes**: 
 - **bmc**: Grants full access to bmc-api.
 - **bmc.read**: Grants read only access to bmc-api.

Example

```golang
auth := context.WithValue(context.Background(), sw.ContextAccessToken, "ACCESSTOKENSTRING")
r, err := client.Service.Operation(auth, args)
```

Or via OAuth2 module to automatically refresh tokens and perform user authentication.

```golang
import "golang.org/x/oauth2"

/* Perform OAuth2 round trip request and obtain a token */

tokenSource := oauth2cfg.TokenSource(createContext(httpClient), &token)
auth := context.WithValue(oauth2.NoContext, sw.ContextOAuth2, tokenSource)
r, err := client.Service.Operation(auth, args)
```


## Documentation for Utility Methods

Due to the fact that model structure members are all pointers, this package contains
a number of utility functions to easily obtain pointers to values of basic types.
Each of these functions takes a value of the given basic type and returns a pointer to it:

* `PtrBool`
* `PtrInt`
* `PtrInt32`
* `PtrInt64`
* `PtrFloat`
* `PtrFloat32`
* `PtrFloat64`
* `PtrString`
* `PtrTime`

## Author

support@phoenixnap.com

