# WorkloadClusterConfig

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Name** | Pointer to **string** | The name of the workload cluster. This field is autogenerated if not provided. | [optional] 
**ServerCount** | Pointer to **int32** | Number of configured servers. Currently only server counts of 1 and 3 are possible. | [optional] [default to 1]
**ServerType** | **string** | Node server type. Cannot be changed once the cluster is created. Currently this field should be set to either &#x60;s0.d1.small&#x60;, &#x60;s0.d1.medium&#x60;, &#x60;s1.c1.small&#x60;, &#x60;s1.c1.medium&#x60;, &#x60;s1.c2.medium&#x60;, &#x60;s1.c2.large&#x60;, &#x60;s1.e1.small&#x60;, &#x60;s1.e1.medium&#x60;, &#x60;s1.e1.large&#x60;, &#x60;s2.c1.small&#x60;, &#x60;s2.c1.medium&#x60;, &#x60;s2.c1.large&#x60;, &#x60;s2.c2.small&#x60;, &#x60;s2.c2.medium&#x60;, &#x60;s2.c2.large&#x60;, &#x60;d1.c1.small&#x60;, &#x60;d1.c2.small&#x60;, &#x60;d1.c3.small&#x60;, &#x60;d1.c4.small&#x60;, &#x60;d1.c1.medium&#x60;, &#x60;d1.c2.medium&#x60;, &#x60;d1.c3.medium&#x60;, &#x60;d1.c4.medium&#x60;, &#x60;d1.c1.large&#x60;, &#x60;d1.c2.large&#x60;, &#x60;d1.c3.large&#x60;, &#x60;d1.c4.large&#x60;, &#x60;d1.m1.medium&#x60;, &#x60;d1.m2.medium&#x60;, &#x60;d1.m3.medium&#x60;, &#x60;d1.m4.medium&#x60;, &#x60;d2.c3.medium&#x60;, &#x60;d2.c4.medium&#x60;, &#x60;d2.c5.medium&#x60;, &#x60;d2.c3.large&#x60;, &#x60;d2.c4.large&#x60;, &#x60;d2.c5.large&#x60;, &#x60;d2.m2.medium&#x60;, &#x60;d2.m2.large&#x60; or &#x60;d2.m2.xlarge&#x60;. | [default to "s0.d1.small"]
**Location** | **string** | Workload cluster location. Cannot be changed once cluster is created. Currently this field should be set to &#x60;PHX&#x60;, &#x60;ASH&#x60;, &#x60;SGP&#x60;, &#x60;NLD&#x60;, &#x60;CHI&#x60;, &#x60;SEA&#x60; or &#x60;AUS&#x60;. | 

## Methods

### NewWorkloadClusterConfig

`func NewWorkloadClusterConfig(serverType string, location string, ) *WorkloadClusterConfig`

NewWorkloadClusterConfig instantiates a new WorkloadClusterConfig object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewWorkloadClusterConfigWithDefaults

`func NewWorkloadClusterConfigWithDefaults() *WorkloadClusterConfig`

NewWorkloadClusterConfigWithDefaults instantiates a new WorkloadClusterConfig object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetName

`func (o *WorkloadClusterConfig) GetName() string`

GetName returns the Name field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetNameOk

`func (o *WorkloadClusterConfig) GetNameOk() (*string, bool)`

GetNameOk returns a tuple with the Name field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetName

`func (o *WorkloadClusterConfig) SetName(v string)`

SetName sets Name field to given value.

### HasName

`func (o *WorkloadClusterConfig) HasName() bool`

HasName returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetServerCount

`func (o *WorkloadClusterConfig) GetServerCount() int32`

GetServerCount returns the ServerCount field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetServerCountOk

`func (o *WorkloadClusterConfig) GetServerCountOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetServerCountOk returns a tuple with the ServerCount field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetServerCount

`func (o *WorkloadClusterConfig) SetServerCount(v int32)`

SetServerCount sets ServerCount field to given value.

### HasServerCount

`func (o *WorkloadClusterConfig) HasServerCount() bool`

HasServerCount returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetServerType

`func (o *WorkloadClusterConfig) GetServerType() string`

GetServerType returns the ServerType field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetServerTypeOk

`func (o *WorkloadClusterConfig) GetServerTypeOk() (*string, bool)`

GetServerTypeOk returns a tuple with the ServerType field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetServerType

`func (o *WorkloadClusterConfig) SetServerType(v string)`

SetServerType sets ServerType field to given value.


### GetLocation

`func (o *WorkloadClusterConfig) GetLocation() string`

GetLocation returns the Location field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetLocationOk

`func (o *WorkloadClusterConfig) GetLocationOk() (*string, bool)`

GetLocationOk returns a tuple with the Location field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetLocation

`func (o *WorkloadClusterConfig) SetLocation(v string)`

SetLocation sets Location field to given value.



[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


